Please punish the father
You're going to take the blame for someone else
Pull me to the mountain
old five
You are always crowing
Why are you so careless this time?
If I don't punish you heavily this time, it will be fine.
noisy
Head bone pain
Father Emperor
I don't need Xue Yuyi anymore
Just leave the deeds of Princess Chu
Why does the fifth child say this is negligence?
If you want to blame this, you can't blame Princess Chu
Brat, wait a minute
He takes care of you himself
The Supreme Emperor said this to protect Yuwen Hao
Cheap him
The father's minister will retire first
The grandson retired.
How was I wronged?
Kicked hard and it doesn't matter if I'm wronged
But if today's affairs are not handled well, it will cost you a hard life
In the huge capital
There are many people who want to take care of their names
You dragged my aunt back from the gate of hell
I'm helping my aunt fight with evil spirits
You are not afraid
I'm not afraid of death either way
Hey
Lao Wu is a smart person
Too bad he's blind
Therefore, I hope your medical skills are sufficient
Can cure his blindness
Xianxia, no matter how brilliant my medical skills are, it is useless
Hey
What if you became Princess Chu?
Brother Pao only has me in his heart
He's willing to take any blame for me
Heart death will protect me
So you admit that you put the wisteria